Update external-email-forwarding.md (#3097)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/security/office-365-security/external-email-forwarding.md

External forwarding is controlled by the *outbound anti-spam policy* and scoped to users based on the configured setting. Currently 3 settings are supported:

> - **Automatic** – This is System-controlled: Allows outbound spam filtering to control automatic external email forwarding. This is the default value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Automatic** – This is system-controlled: It allows outbound spam filtering to control automatic external email forwarding. This is the default setting.
```
